Y
hello good morning friends here we are
again we are going to deliver
Strong for introducing my friend Roberto
the king is so champion of the promises of
cataluña now this year 2014 and third
the championship of barcelona good we are going to
make a three - day training for
the people who can only train three
days a week we can make it Monday
Wednesday and Friday giving a day of
Rest between training and good training
let's get down to work
there
well the first day on Monday we are going to
make chest and shoulder
let's make an ascending pyramid
we'll start on the front to bench and
we are adding weight in each series these
are the first series to adapt
a little bit and the pyramid will be again
of 15 12 10 8 or even 6
I do not want to see two parts
after the pyramid the whole pyramid
of the four series is the series
Maximum maximum weight we will work
among 68 repetitions and this is the one
we really have to get to the fault
muscular we will even do some
negative if necessary we go there
vega roberto up a good we 're going
there 3
5 + 6 follow follow go 7 above 8
will take out an extra extra wall outside
very good good we have changed the pressure
inclined to the top of the
chest we have already done the three series of
ascending pyramid is the heavy the
maximum and let's work that let's go
about eight repetitions ok we're going
to there to roberto
above
Hello
come on 3 press the chest 4 very good yes
sir 5 we go 62 good one plus one more
one more tirale tirale vale outside out
roberto yes sir
ok we change exercise openings
inclined at 30 degrees for the area
high chest but good a little more
under the goal is a pyramid
inverted we start with the maximum weight
We will reduce the weight to increase
the replays and work more on the subject
of red fibers
let's go to roberto we'll work on this
series to 10 repetitions is an exercise
to locate and you have to make a
very strict execution here and squeezing
up holding the negative very well
we go roberto very well squeezing the
pectoral sit down 4 go
5 very well
up 7
come on 8 we go squeeze to burst squeeze
they nine one plus one more up holds
tighten squeeze ok
it's worth keeping in mind that this is the
heavy now we have to reduce weight
It's worth to do more repetitions in the
pyramid will be 10 12 15 18 or 20
repetitions the last one is the lightest
ok this is going to be the last exercise
we have already worked heavy is not about
working with weight is simply
of locating and making the muscle
then we are going to do a triple series
of rest break of ten seconds
OK
Well better to explain it better you see it
how are we going to do let's go roberto
come on
each series to do 15 repetitions is
contraction pump 2-3
4 breast pendant squeezing 5 go
6 we go roberto 7 we go there 8 press
very good
come on 9
11 come 12
13 come 14 one plus one plus one more worth
ten seconds of rest clock
and we started trying to maintain the weight
although we have to decrease a little
the repetitions we go there roberto vega
go ahead let's go hit a
good yes sir tighten 4 very well 5 to 6
7 come on we finish the chest
we ended up destroying what we're going
good yes sir very well let's go
good for the lowest
very well beats 10 seconds of clock and
we make another series this you can
lengthen the series that you want
I do not think many but with three today
we have enough if we do not reach 15
we will arrive at the fault those who are lazy
come on 3
6 very good roberto 7 locates the chest 8
to 9 we go well
eleven
12 we go there 13 2 good we go bust
the busting tightens it holds
OK, very good
roberto de puta madre uncle
we have finished the floor gentlemen
to
i